>>>>[THEME MUSIC] And I think
many people today don't
know what to believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>It felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY:
Well welcome back
to another edition
of "Beyond Belief."
I'm George Noory.
You know, throughout
history, mankind
has reported seeing objects
flying all over the planet.
Extraterrestrial life--
are we being visited?
Our special guest,
Tracie Austin.
Tracie written a book
called "Alien Encounters
in the Western United States."
Now that's fascinating
Trace that you
were able to pinpoint
a certain region.
How did you do that?
>>TRACIE AUSTIN:
Well George, how
it began, I was approached
by the publisher Schiffer
to write this book
about alien encounters.
And they suggested,
why don't you--
because I lived in the
Western United States--
why don't you
concentrate on that area?
So that's exactly what I did.
>>NOORY: Do we have a huge
incidents of UFO reports
in the western portion
of the country?
>>AUSTIN: We do actually.
You'll find that
some of those cases
in there-- well the majority of
the cases-- are from Las Vegas.
They're from Colorado.
They're from California,
some stretching over
to Texas as well.
But that book is totally
dedicated to the western part
of America.
>>NOORY: Now I detected a
little British accent there.
Where are you from?
>>AUSTIN: Yes I'm from
England, the good old UK.
>>NOORY: And you're in
the United States now.
How did you get interested
in UFO encounters?
>>AUSTIN: Well George, how it
happened for me was totally
out of the blue, so to speak.
I trained as a
classical musician.
I trained--
>>NOORY: Really?
>>AUSTIN: Yes, as a
classical concert pianist.
And I studied at the Guildhall
School of Music and Drama
in London.
And one fine day, a UFO decided
to show up and show itself
to me.
I was with my dear
friend at the time.
He was also a musician.
And so we got to see
this craft together.
And we were at the YMCA as
students where we were staying.
And we just having
a conversation,
a regular conversation
about life.
And I look out the
window and I see a craft.
And it was a cone shaped object.
>>NOORY: This is way before
drones and things like that,
right?
>>AUSTIN: Absolutely.
We're talking now back to 1987.
And so I see this object
that's like a cone.
It's pointed at the top.
It's rounded at the bottom.
And this thing is rotating
as it's moving in the sky.
>>NOORY: Oh my gosh.
>>AUSTIN: And I see the
sunlight hitting it.
So there's a metallic
glint coming from it.
And I turned to my friend.
And of course being
British, as you do,
I said, "What the
bloody hell is that?"
And he said, "It's a UFO."
And I said, "What
do you mean, a UFO?"
He'd seen things as a
kid whereas I hadn't.
So he explained to me.
And I said, "Well you mean
then that this thing is
being piloted by beings
from another dimension?"
>>NOORY: Who knows where.
>>AUSTIN: Or who knows
where, outer space.
And he said exactly.
And I thought, so
I just watched it.
We watched it together go
across the sky and out of view.
The next day, we came
out of a train station,
an underground train
station, which London
has those, just like New York.
There's a guy selling
newspapers at the entrance.
My friend points to the
newspaper and says look,
there's our UFO.
So we see a great
big headline, UFO
seen over the city of London.
So we knew that we were not
the only people to see that.
Other people saw it too.
>>NOORY: And was
there any explanation?
Did the government come out
and say hey, it's one of ours?
Nothing like that?
>>AUSTIN: Nothing at all.
Nothing was talked about.
>>NOORY: You know Nick
Pope as well as I do.
And Nick of course was part
of the British Ministry
of Defense.
And he was responsible
for a section
that accumulated UFO data.
And he is totally convinced that
this planet is being visited.
He claims that he
saw actual reports
from the Ministry of Defense
testifying, basically, to that.
Something's happening
here Tracy, isn't there?
>>AUSTIN: I think so George.
And I've been studying
this since 1987.
And the more and more
I do look into this
and research it and
speak to people,
there's more evidence
for it than against it.
I think more and more
people are coming forward.
More and more skeptics
are becoming believers.
And there's definitely
something going on
here on this planet of magnitude
with visitations from someone,
somewhere.
>>NOORY: Would you say that
your expertise is dealing
with people who
have had encounters,
or just the craft themselves?
>>AUSTIN: It's a mixture of
both, to be honest with you.
The book "Alien Encounters
in the Western United States"
deals with nine true
accounts of alien abductions,
in particular.
So they have had actual
contact with these beings.
>>NOORY: All right.
Well you had an opportunity
to meet one of our dear
friends, the late Roger Leir.
Dr. Roger Leir was a podiatrist
who decided somewhere early
in his career, I'm
going to investigate
extraterrestrial presence
and objects that people claim
they've been implanted with.
And he conducted a
number of operations.
Now to those of
you who might know
who the great late Dr. Roger
Leir was or is, take a look.
>>ROGER LEIR: I've
located the object
and we're trying to an
instrument to get a hold of it
and get it out.
>>NARRATOR: The name Dr. Roger
Leir has become synonymous
with the term alien implant.
Dr. Leir had a long career
as a podiatric surgeon
and was recognized as one of
the most significant leaders
in the research and collection
of physical evidence
from alleged alien
abduction cases.
>>LEIR: How do you get
something into the human body
and not have the
body react to it?
Well, that just doesn't happen.
Maybe there's some
weirded out explanation
that I didn't understand from
one site, maybe two sites.
But three sites, from
two different people?
That's just a little
too much to handle.
There's something
similar going on here.
You either have an
inflammatory reaction.
Or if it's a full blown
inflammatory reaction,
we call it a rejection reaction.
You just don't get foreign
material into the body
and have the body sit
there and smile at it.
>>NOORY: I miss him.
>>AUSTIN: I miss him terribly.
I don't like that late word.
>>NOORY: And what a void
without him being around now.
I get calls on "Coast to
Coast" Tracie all the time
from people who say, I
think I have an implant.
What do I do?
Where do I go?
I don't know who to
refer them to anymore.
I mean, Roger was the guy.
>>AUSTIN: He was
the pioneer, yes.
I mean, who is doing this now?
I mean, who's these surgeries?
Has anyone come forward?
>>NOORY: Did you ever
have a chance to witness
one of his surgeries?
I did with producer
Tom Danheiser.
This was an incredible thing.
This was back around 2003, 2004.
And Roger said, "We're
going to conduct a surgery
on a woman who claims that
she has some kind of implant
in her cheek.
And we're going to extract it.
We're going to go get it."
And I said all right.
And he said "Come on by.
I want you to witness
this operation."
So we did.
And we audiotaped it.
And Roger was there
with a surgeon.
And they had a
television screen up
so you could see
where they were going.
And sure enough Tracie,
there was an object
in the cheek of this woman.
And every time the surgeon
went to surgically remove it,
it moved.
It was like it had eyes.
It knew.
It sensed.
And it just kept wiggling
around in her cheek.
Very small, about the
size of a grain rice.
Finally he got it out.
But I felt sorry for the
woman because he really
had to dig around in her
face to get this thing out.
And Roger was never
able, never able
to find out exactly
what the object was.
There was just no
explanation for it.
You've had a chance to
witness some of that too.
Let's take a look at that.
>>>>[INAUDIBLE] the light
around a little better
and you can see it.
>>Yeah, that's the shape.
>>There it is.
There it is.
>>That's it.
>>Wow.
>>[INAUDIBLE] typical.
>>Similar to the--
>>You can feel it.
It feels like a--
it's pretty soft.
>>[INAUDIBLE] membrane.
>>Yeah, let's see.
Softer than I
thought it would be.
Here, we'll shot it to you.
>>NARRATOR: The implant
was finally out.
It was Dr. Leir's 17th
implant removal surgery.
>>NOORY: What did you think
when you were witnessing that?
>>AUSTIN: I thought,
I'm witnessing
something very amazing
that obviously not everyone
gets to do.
If this thing is
something that's
been implemented by
beings from elsewhere,
wow what a fantastic
opportunity, and how
amazing to be there
and witness it.
This was a lady who was an
airline stewardess, actually,
who had the implant
in her right forearm.
And she remembers 20 something
years ago with her boyfriend,
they were in a motel room.
And they in their head get a
message to go to the window,
to look outside the window.
They see a UFO.
They see a disk with lights.
And she said the next
thing they remembered
was a ball of blue light
coming into the room.
And then all of the
sudden, it's morning.
So they awake.
And they're having a regular
morning conversation.
And she says "Wait a minute,
what happened to us last night?
Do you remember?""
Well her boyfriend at the time
didn't want to talk about.
He was totally not interested.
And she said, "Well, I
remember we went to the window.
We saw the craft.
And then the ball of blue light
came in and it's morning."
Well that day was the last
day she saw her boyfriend.
She never saw him
again after that.
She's taking a shower.
She notices this
lump in her forearm
that wasn't there the
night before, previously.
And just think it's a
little odd with the fact
she could move it around
her arm a little bit.
>>NOORY: She could feel that.
>>AUSTIN: Yeah, exactly.
So she keeps it in there
for 20 something years,
finds Dr. Roger Leir on a
documentary about suspected
alien implants and thinks hmm,
I wonder if that's what I have,
because I had the sighing.
Then I have this.
So she contacts Dr. Leir.
They meet.
He takes her through the
testing which he usually does.
And says, "Yeah, you have
something in your arm here.
Do you want it removed?"
And she said yes.
So he did the surgery
along with another surgeon.
And very difficult to actually
get a hold of this object--
>>NOORY: It moves.
It does
>>AUSTIN: --because it moved.
Absolutely, shot up her arm.
So they have to pick
up the skin like a tent
and really go in there.
>>NOORY: And block
it from moving.
>>AUSTIN: Yes, and
grab this thing.
And this object was
unlike anything else
that Dr. Leir has removed.
The majority have been metallic.
This was biological.
It was like yellowish
cream in color.
>>NOORY: Attaching
itself to her body.
>>AUSTIN: Yes.
Two halves like a clam
with a black strip that
ran down the middle of it.
And unlike anything else
I've seen, to be honest.
>>NOORY: He is and
have been convinced
that these objects were of
extraterrestrial origin.
Initially he didn't
know what they were.
But then he is convinced
that that's what they are.
>>AUSTIN: Yeah, he talks about--
and he wrote a little bit
in my book here in a chapter
about his findings of it
and said that at first,
he was highly skeptical
of these things, because
he's removed everything
from the human body
being a podiatrist.
>>NOORY: Oh, pieces of glass
and feet and things like that.
>>AUSTIN: Yeah, glass,
hair, plastic, you name it,
he's removed it.
But he was convinced
after he'd seen these
and had them analyzed
what they were.
And states in my book
that these objects
have been analyzed to come
1/3 away from the Milky Way
from a civilization that are
13 million years older than we
are.
So that gives food
for thought there.
>>NOORY: What is your conclusion
about what might be going on?
Why put these objects in people?
What do they want?
>>AUSTIN: Well
first, Roger thought
they were tracking devices.
Then came to the conclusion
they're not tracking
devices, because these
beings can actually
locate you anywhere.
>>NOORY: Anytime they want.
>>AUSTIN: Absolutely.
So what they're doing
George, it seems
is that they are monitoring DNA.
We all have our own electronic
signature in our DNA.
They're all different.
But there's a certain
characteristic, apparently,
that these beings
are looking for.
And if you don't have
this characteristic,
they don't need you.
>>NOORY: They don't want you.
>>AUSTIN: So they're
interested in family lineage.
>>NOORY: For themselves.
>>AUSTIN: Yes.
If you've been taken,
your mother's been taken,
and your mother's
mothers been taken.
>>NOORY: Or your
children have been taken.
>>AUSTIN: That's right.
So they're following lineage.
They're following bloodlines.
>>NOORY: Now of course
we're interactive.
We've got a phone
call for Tracie.
Let's listen in.
>>AUDIENCE: Hi Tracie.
My name is Troy and
I'm 20 years old.
I was wondering if you think
we'll ever see disclosure
in my lifetime?
>>NOORY: That's an
interesting question Tracie.
Will we see disclosure
in our lifetime?
>>AUSTIN: That is an
interesting question George.
I'm hoping yes.
I'm hoping that
will be the case.
I was hoping within
this next five years
we may get to hear something
from the scientific community
about it, because I
don't think governments
per se will come forward.
But I think it will be
science related in some way.
So I'm hoping so Troy, yes.
I'm hoping it will
happen for us.
>>AUSTIN: If you
talk to most people
and ask them about
extraterrestrial life, what
do you think they'd say?
Would they agree with all of
us that we're being visited,
or would they just
pooh, pooh it away
and they go nah, not at all.
>>AUSTIN: I think
it's a mixed bag
to be honest with you George.
I've been fortunate to
speak with a lot of people
who are in belief of it,
who have seen things,
and who are convinced
we are being
visited by some form of
extraterrestrial life.
Of course you're still going
to have skeptics out there.
Even if a ship was to land
right in front of them
and beings get out,
they're going to--
>>NOORY: It's a drone.
>>AUSTIN: It's a drone
or I'm not seeing this.
It's not real.
You're always going to
have skeptics I think.
But I've been
fortunate, like I say,
to have met people who
do believe it and have
seen things themselves.
>>NOORY: In your
specific work, is there
one case that
stands out for you?
>>AUSTIN: Yes.
Well actually, there's a
lot of cases that stand out.
If we talk about the book,
there is an actual scientist
within the book who
had visitations himself
who also had--
>>NOORY: That helps.
>>AUSTIN: Yes, and who
also had an implant
in the second great
toe of the left foot,
and actually had
visitations since he
was four and a half years old,
seeing the beings in his room
as he's sitting
there in his crib.
And this kind of
thing with abductions
is usually from the
cradle to the grave.
So it's a lifelong
thing with interaction.
>>NOORY: Once it happens,
you don't get out.
>>AUSTIN: Exactly.
>>NOORY: It's like the mob.
So he's had
experiences growing up.
He told me that his mother
shared some very interesting
information with
him as a teenager
that he was, in fact, a twin.
And that during the
mother's pregnancy,
the doctor did hear
two heartbeats.
>>NOORY: Oh that's interesting.
>>AUSTIN: She was
carrying twins.
But between four
and five months,
the other twin
suddenly disappeared.
There's only then one heartbeat.
So he claims that
his mother also
had interaction
with these beings
and that the twin was taken.
Since John has grown
older, he's got married.
His wife also has had
interaction with these beings
on board the craft.
And the children are also
involved with this too.
And in fact his younger
daughter said "Daddy, I'm
afraid of the trash
truck when it comes."
And he said, "Well why are you
afraid of the trash truck?"
She said, "Well it
reminds me of the UFO
that takes me up into the
sky with these gray people."
And she was three at the
time, three, four at the time.
>>NOORY: Way too young to
have a vivid imagination.
>>AUSTIN: I think so.
>>NOORY: Way too young.
>>NOORY: Dr. David
Jacobs believes
that whatever's happening
is not a good thing.
What do you think?
>>AUSTIN: Oh George, that's
a tough question to answer.
>>NOORY: See, I'm tending
to believe his theory
as I go more into
this, that there's
something else going on.
>>AUSTIN: You know,
I can understand
if the whole thing
of the abduction
and what they're
trying to do here--
they're trying to
create a hybrid race.
>>NOORY: But why?
>>AUSTIN: But why.
And that is a million
dollar question.
But on Earth, we
have scientists here
that are doing similar things.
Our technology is
increasing tenfold.
We are cloning.
We have the ability to clone.
So we can't really
fault them for that
because they're advancing.
They are very advanced.
>>NOORY: And they need
us for some reason.
>>AUSTIN: They need
But it's the way they're
going about doing it.
They don't ask for
our permission.
They don't.
>>NOORY: They just do it.
>>AUSTIN: They just
do it regardless.
They have a mission, and they're
going to fulfill this mission.
So I do agree with Dr.
Jacobs-- who I highly
respect-- in his books "The
Secret Life" and "The Threat"
that the intentions seem to be
that they are eventually going
to seed hybrids here on Earth.
And that's a scary thought.
>>NOORY: That's the mission.
Get rid of us, replace
us with the hybrids.
>>AUSTIN: Maybe so.
Maybe that is the agenda.
>>NOORY: They might
have millions of them
somewhere just
ready to march in.
>>AUSTIN: Right.
I don't think we're going to die
out too quickly, but, you know.
>>NOORY: Let's hope not.
One of your other works of
course, "Haunted Las Vegas."
Welcome to Haunted Las Vegas.
Look, we've all
been to Las Vegas.
There are some nights you
think it's haunted, to be sure.
Tell me about this.
>>AUSTIN: Well for this
particular book George, what
I did, I teamed up with
a really great team
of paranormal
investigators, called
LVSSI, Las Vegas Society of
Supernatural Investigation.
>>NOORY: I like that.
>>AUSTIN: Yes.
And what they do, they
go into people's homes
and they rid them, the
homes, of ghost activity.
So I met these
incredible people.
It's a team of four people.
And they do, in fact-- they
are real life Ghostbusters.
They go into the properties.
They get rid of the ghosts.
So sat down with them.
They give me 20 somethings
scenarios, cases
that they had worked on.
And for that particular book I
choose the best that I could.
So there's 18 chapters in there
of hauntings in the Silver
State.
>>NOORY: When Michael
Keaton's movie came out,
"White Noise," you had an
opportunity to talk with him,
didn't you?
>>AUSTIN: I did it.
>>NOORY: What do
you think of him?
Great guy, huh?
>>AUSTIN: Great guy.
And I made a point of
telling him, by the way,
he was the best Batman ever.
I think he made the best Batman.
>>NOORY: He enjoyed that, huh?
>>AUSTIN: Yes, he did.
He liked that.
But I asked him, because he
grew up in a haunted property.
And he said, "My
sister is really
into this subject big time.
And she's a really
big believer of this."
And I said, "Well
what about you?
What does Michael Keaton
think about all of this?"
And he said, "You
know, I'm on the fence.
I neither belief.
I neither disbelief.
But I did witness some
things in the property."
So we left it at that.
He didn't really
answer any further.
But he's on the fence.
>>NOORY: You know,
it's interesting,
because a lot of us don't think
that these stars and people
like that ever think about
some of the same things
we think about all the time.
But they do, quite often.
>>AUSTIN: They do.
They have everyday
experiences like we did.
And it was a great moment to
speak with him about this.
And also the producer of "White
Noise" was there on set too.
So it was great
to talk with him.
Who, incidentally, had
had a UFO sighting.
And so he spoke
to me about that.
>>NOORY: With Las
Vegas, I mean, is it
any more particularly
haunted or paranormalish
than other regions
of this planet?
>>AUSTIN: I don't
think so George.
It's just that I think we
do have some history here
on the land of where
homes are built.
Some people are under
the misconception
that only old homes are haunted.
And in fact, they're not.
New homes are too.
>>NOORY: If they're built
on some kind of ground.
>>AUSTIN: If they're built
on some kind of ground
that's got some activity
or had something there.
>>NOORY: Let's take a couple
more questions here for Tracie.
Here we go.
>>AUDIENCE: Hi Tracie.
My name is Michael.
And I just wanted to know
if you've ever recorded
and EVP yourself?
>>NOORY: Of course EVPs,
electromagnetic voice
phenomena.
How about that?
Have you ever
stumbled across that?
>>AUSTIN: You know,
I have personally
heard EVPs that other
people have captured.
I tried myself one time
when my grandfather
passed away, but only
got a very strange noise.
I didn't actually hear the
voice of my grandfather.
>>NOORY: Really difficult
to hear them sometimes.
>>AUSTIN: They are.
>>NOORY: We've got some experts
who provide us EVP sounds,
and they try to play
them on the radio.
You'll hear something
like [STATIC],
but you don't really
know what it is.
Now they tell you what it is
so you listen again for it,
but it's really tough sometimes.
>>AUSTIN: It is.
Some come through very clearly,
that there's no mistaking what
they're saying.
And some it's a
little more difficult.
What you've got to do, if
someone out there is going
to try an EVP, you've
got to try and do it
on the same day
at the same time,
get in the habit of doing
that, and just letting it play,
and then letting it play
right through to the end,
and then playing it back to see
if you've captured something.
But I think that's
the important thing
to remember, to try to do it on
the same day at the same time.
>>NOORY: OK, let's
take one more question.
>>AUDIENCE: Hi Tracie,
my name is John.
And I wanted to know what it's
like when a human beings dies
and passes into
the spirit world.
>>NOORY: Now that's a little
different question for you,
isn't it?
>>AUSTIN: It is actually George.
I don't really know.
But based on conversations I've
had with spiritualist medium
friends of mine, they claim
that when you pass over,
you are greeted
by your relatives,
that they are
there to greet you.
And apparently the
person that's died
does actually show up
to their own funeral.
People have seen the
deceased person standing
by their own coffin when
they have passed away.
>>NOORY: Precisely.
>>AUSTIN: Exactly.
I like the way James
Van Praagh puts it
as an example for the
transition of human
into spirit, very similar
to that of an ice cube.
You know, the ice
cube is solid, just
like we are as human beings.
When that ice cube
melts, it becomes fluid.
It becomes the source.
The same source is there, what
it once was, which was water.
So for us passing over into
the spirit world, we lose this.
We lose the physical
form, obviously.
So we can be
anywhere at any time.
And it's that
sometimes that devices
such as the electromagnetic
devices that pickup
spirit, if they haven't moved on
into the spirit world and they
linger on the earthly
plane for whatever reason,
it's those devices that
are picking those up.
But I really do like
the way James Van Praagh
puts that with that ice cube.
>>NOORY: We've got a
friend Mary Ann Winkoswki.
She lives in the Midwest,
and she's a medium.
And she sees dead people.
And when she was a little girl,
she used to see dead people.
They would invite her as
a little girl to funerals
so she could tell the
living about the dead.
Because she always
said, just like
you just pointed out, that
the dead would always be
hanging around their funeral.
I'm not sure I want
to hang around.
That's probably one event I
don't want to be attending.
>>AUSTIN: Right.
We're all going to die.
Nobody wants to.
But we hear great things,
that it's really not
as bad as you think.
It's an easy process to
make this transition.
And really on the other side
is a really great place,
and that people
don't fear death.
But hmm.
I would hope I'm immortal.
But obviously I'm not.
>>NOORY: You never know.
>>AUSTIN: You never know.
>>NOORY: You hosted
a paranormal show.
Tell me about that.
>>AUSTIN: I did.
It was called "Let's
Talk Paranormal."
And we did that
show in California.
And we coproduced it in Arizona.
It was seen in 486,000
homes in Arizona.
>>NOORY: Oh, that's great.
>>AUSTIN: Yeah, and
also in New York.
And we did that show
for about five years.
And we covered--
>>NOORY: That's a good run.
>>AUSTIN: It's a good run.
And we covered every subject,
A to Z of the strange but true.
We won three awards for it,
three Telly Awards for it,
which we're very honored.
And I'm trying to revive
the show in some way,
shape, or form right now.
>>NOORY: Well I
hope you revive it.
>>AUSTIN: Thank you.
>>NOORY: That would
be fun for you.
>>AUSTIN: Thank you, absolutely.
>>NOORY: As you look
at this entire field,
this paranormal
field in the book
about "Welcome to Haunted
Las Vegas," about some
of the cases, what stands
out for you in terms of what
you think is really happening.
What's going on?
We have all these episodes
of deathly encounters, UFO
visitations, Bigfoot sightings.
What's happening?
>>AUSTIN: Well I think
it's always gone on George.
I don't think it's
anything new, to be honest.
I think that people are
becoming more aware of it
and are becoming less skeptical.
I mean I can't say why
it's becoming more intense.
I don't know, to
be honest with you.
>>NOORY: Is it?
>>AUSTIN: It is becoming
more intense, yes.
I don't know why.
But again, it's nothing new.
This is always, always happened.
People have always
experienced things.
So a question I can't answer.
I don't know why.
>>NOORY: Have you come
across cases where
people are scared to death?
>>AUSTIN: Oh sure, of course.
They have no idea
what's going on.
I'm speaking with a
young lady right now
who's having some
interaction in her home.
She doesn't know
whether it's paranormal.
She doesn't know whether
it's extraterrestrial.
>>NOORY: Or in our head.
>>AUSTIN: It's definitely
not in her head,
and I'll tell you why-- because
she took a photograph just
a few days ago.
And she was told to
take the photograph.
And she aimed it
to her back garden.
And then behind a
bush is a face of,
I think-- I think it's ET
related to be perfectly honest.
She doesn't know.
>>AUSTIN: Does it
look like a gray?
>>AUSTIN: To me it
looks like a gray.
But we're going to
have the guys, LVSSI,
going to meet with her and
checking out the property.
But she's definitely
got something going on.
It sounds like her
house is trying
to be broken into when
she hears these noises,
but no one's trying to break in.
>>NOORY: Have you been scared
on an investigation, ever?
>>AUSTIN: No George,
I can't say I have.
>>NOORY: You haven't?
>>AUSTIN: No.
>>NOORY: How about the
guys from the group?
>>AUSTIN: There's been
occasions where they have, yes.
And Tina, the lead
investigator, her husband
is the group skeptic.
He always likes
to find a way of--
>>NOORY: The real reason, quote.
>>AUSTIN: The real reason, yes.
He tries to find ways
that of pooh poohing this
and oh, it's because of this,
or it's because of that.
>>NOORY: Which is healthy.
That's healthy.
>>AUSTIN: Of course, it's
healthy being skeptical,
of course.
But all roads lead back
to what this is all about.
And it's ghostly interaction.
>>NOORY: If you had
categorize the UFO
encounters and the
ghostly encounters, would
you say that they're related
or they're totally separate?
>>AUSTIN: That's
a good question.
I have spoken to
people where they
have had ghostly encounters
followed by UFO interaction.
>>NOORY: Me too.
>>AUSTIN: Yeah.
So it's leading to that answer
of yes, I believe it is.
I would like more
of a solid answer
to that to connect the two.
But I don't have it as yet.
Whether it will happen
with other investigations
down the road,
hopefully so, that we'll
have more of a solid answer.
But it's pointing
in that direction.
>>NOORY: What keeps
driving you Trace?
>>AUSTIN: Oh George,
I'm an enthusiast,
and I love this subject.
And from having my own
experiences, both UFOs
and ghostly, I want to
get to the bottom of it.
I want an answer.
I want to find out why.
And I don't know if I'll
ever get that answer,
but I keep being driven forward.
You know, I trained, like I
said, as a concert pianist.
And when I had my very
first UFO sighting,
it's like it said
to me, you're not
going to go down
this path that you
think you're going to go down.
You're going to go down
this one and you're
going to find out
what we are all about.
And so my life has
really taken that shift.
It's taken me on
a different path.
>>NOORY: If ETs
came down and said,
we would like to
show you our planet.
And maybe 500 years
would go by before they
were able to get you
back, Earth time.
Would you go?
>>AUSTIN: I'd say sign me up.
>>NOORY: You would go?
>>AUSTIN: Yes, I'd go.
But I'd need my mother with me.
>>NOORY: You'd come
back, it would be 2515.
You would do that?
>>AUSTIN: I'd do it.
I'd do it as long as I can
have my mother with me,
my father, my sister, my
cats, my boyfriend, whoever
I love in my life.
Please let us all go
together, and then we
will have a great journey.
>>NOORY: What if you only
could go by yourself?
>>AUSTIN: I might put a
restricted time frame on it,
but yes.
Yes I think I would.
>>NOORY: See, I have
a difficult even
deciding if I would go to Mars
for three years and come back.
I mean, by that time, your
children are three years older.
Your grandchildren
are three years older.
I'm not sure I want to
go through with that.
>>AUSTIN: Well, if
we're talking in terms
of going to Mars as an astronaut
would go to visit Mars,
then probably not.
I think it's kind of a
one way trip, really.
>>NOORY: It is a one way trip.
>>AUSTIN: So ETs are advanced.
They're advanced
technologically.
I don't think really
there would be an issue.
>>NOORY: At this point somebody
watching this program, Tracie,
what advice would you give them
if they think that they have
been implanted or
part of an abduction
or that something very strange
is happening in their life?
And of course I think you
always have to rule out
any psychological problem.
That's always that
possibility too.
But what would you do?
>>AUSTIN: I would say to
them, please try and contact
your local Mufon.
Mufons are all over the globe.
And that's the
Mutual UFO Network.
And try to speak with
somebody locally too.
>>NOORY: And they're
sympathetic, aren't they?
>>AUSTIN: They very sympathetic.
And they're great
investigators and researchers.
I love Mufon.
And they're there to assist
and they're there to help.
So that's the best
advice I could give
right now in terms of that.
>>NOORY: Have you come across
a case where you think someone
seriously has a mental issue?
>>AUSTIN: No.
>>NOORY: You haven't?
Straightforwardly no.
>>NOORY: I mean, I've had
some calls on the program,
the radio show,
that I've questioned
some of these people who have
called in because they just
seemed to ramble on and on
about people watching them
and things happening
and they're being spied.
And sometimes I think
they're paranoid.
And then there's a part of
me that says, wait a minute.
What if it's actually
happening to them?
What if these things
are happening?
They're being
abducted every night
and they have no
control over this.
So it does make you stop
and think, doesn't it?
>>AUSTIN: Of course.
And I'm not saying that there
aren't people out there who
are somewhat
delusional, or they're
thinking this subject
is-- they're making up
the subject in their mind.
I'm not saying there aren't.
But for who I have
spoken to personally, no.
They've all been
sane, credible people,
and from all walks of life.
>>NOORY: This universe is vast.
It's 14 billion years old.
We're 4.5 billion years old.
That means someone, somewhere
has a major head start on us
in terms of existence.
And if they have, let's say, a
million years ahead of us, just
based on our technological
growth over 100 years,
if they're a million
years ahead of us,
and assuming that
progression continues,
god knows what kind of
technology they would have.
>>AUSTIN: It's scary
to think, actually
isn't it, of what kind of
technology they have got.
They're so far advanced
of our own planet here.
I mean, from the
UFOs I've seen, you
know, just the shapes and
the fact that totally silent.
They're not ours.
Who knows how
further down the road
they're going to be more
technologically advanced.
>>NOORY: They've learned
how to bend space and time.
>>AUSTIN: Yes, they have.
>>NOORY: And they've done it
quite effectively I think.
>>AUSTIN: And I think Michio
Kaku is a great scientist who
talks about this and the force
of it, rather than against,
and scientifically
explains it that everything
that we're seeing
right now on Star Trek,
for example, we're
finding this to be real.
We're finding black holes.
We're finding we can
bend space and time.
So these beings, whoever
they are, they're doing it.
And apparently one of these
races, the gray beings,
are only 39 light years away,
which Stanton Friedman says,
it's just down the street.
>>NOORY: That's
nothing, that's right--
>>AUSTIN: Down the street.
>>NOORY: --especially
if they've learned
how to bend space and time.
What do you think we can expect
in the next five or 10 years
in this field of ufology?
>>AUSTIN: Oh, wow.
I think more and more
sightings are going to happen.
I'm convinced of that.
And I don't think
they're going to stop.
I don't think the abductions
are going to stop either.
Maybe they may slow
down a little bit
depending on where these
beings have with their agenda,
where they're at
with their agenda.
But I don't think that's
going to stop anytime soon,
I don't think.
>>NOORY: We seem to have
gone through an evolution
of counters where back
in the '50s and '60s,
there seemed to have been a more
direct, I could see occupants
coming out of crafts, and those
kinds of sightings-- landing
pads, pots, holes,
burned out areas.
We don't seem to be
getting that anymore.
How come?
>>AUSTIN: Again,
that's a good question.
I think maybe
they're just deciding
that they need to not be here.
They don't need to land.
They're doing things
remotely from the craft.
They're interacting with beings.
They're either taking us up
and talking to us that way
rather than physically landing.
But who knows?
Maybe a landing
will happen tomorrow
and we'll hear about it.
>>NOORY: Do you think there's
a huge mothership up there
somewhere?
>>AUSTIN: I think there's many
huge motherships up there,
I do.
I'm convinced because
of seeing the footage
around the space station,
things that we see up there.
Apparently just a
few days ago there
was something in the media
regarding a huge megastructure
that's circling the sun.
>>NOORY: Had a chance to
talk to a shuttle astronaut.
And I asked them about STS-48,
that incredible video that
shows some objects coming
through, and then all
of a sudden a
missile taking off.
And folks you can grab
that and look at that.
Let's take a little
look at it too.
I think we've got
some video on that.
And that's an amazing
piece of video.
You can see-- you can
see something is being
shot at an objects flying by.
I asked him about that,
and he said "No, I
don't know anything about it."
And to me, if I were
a shuttle astronaut,
I would want to look at
that piece of videotape.
>>AUSTIN: Right, exactly.
And since that STS-48
footage George,
I mean other footage
has come forward
where you can see the Earth,
the part of the Earth here
in the camera, and then two UFOs
coming in together and doing
an immediate right angle turn.
>>NOORY: And off they go off.
>>AUSTIN: And off they go.
>>NOORY: That is amazing.
Trace, for people who want
to monitor what you do
and how to find you,
where do they go?
>>AUSTIN: You can go
directly to my website,
letstalkparanormal.com.
And you can find me on there.
You can send an email.
And I'll gladly respond to you.
>>NOORY: All right,
well you know
she's written a couple books.
One is of course "Welcome
to Haunted Las Vegas."
The other one is
"Alien Encounters
in the Western United States."
I know one thing for
sure, having gone to Vegas
several times, sometimes
it is haunted--
when you're leaving primarily.
I'm George Noory, and thanks
for watching "Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]